hey guys happy Thursday and thank
goodness it is Thursday and that
tomorrow's Friday I don't think I could
handle another day of this week if
tomorrow isn't friday um I don't know if
you can tell from my droopy eyes but i
am very exhausted and just ready for
everything about this week to be done i
finally got everything I need to make
people's Christmas presents every year
I've always made people hats or scarves
or something like that so this year I
wanted to do something a little
different because I think if my friends
and family received one more hair scarf
for me they're probably going to smother
me with them so this year I'm going to
make these stockings I don't know if you
can see it very well I thought they were
really cute it's a pattern from Mary
Maxim I I've been getting a lot of
patterns for mary macs and lately have
it I um yeah they're Christmas stockings
and I had a stocking knit for me when I
was growing up and I still have it at my
parents house when I go there for
Christmas it's hanging up and I kind of
think everyone should have one there's
something sentimental and you feel loved
because you have one maybe a little bit
more than usual um it's a keepsake so
I'm going to make them for everybody
that said there are a lot of people need
to make them for and I have no idea how
I'm going to accomplish this by December
24th I yeah I don't know but i'm
estimating I need to make about 12 and
it takes one and a half skeins of yarn
to make this and I got a kit and then I
ordered a bunch of other run outside of
the kit because it was cheaper to do it
that way actually um so I got in a bunch
different colors but yeah based on how
many people I have to make this for the
fact that it takes one and a half skeins
of yarn to make one I'm very very lucky
with school and all the Commission's I
have and all that stuff so the amount of
urine i'm about to show you you might
want to brace yourself
it's a big one so basically the yarn
that comes in the kit and the urn that I
bought to go along with it is that Mary
maxim starlet yarn which I think for a
what I would consider maybe bargain yarn
it's really good it's it's a pretty nice
worsted weight it's pretty soft I'm
making a baby blanket out of the starlet
I think it's the DK weight i'm not sure
but i'm kind of impressed with the
merrier maxima our inequality it's just
not what I was expecting especially
since it's like one hundred percent
acrylic and it's not like Karen simply
soft or red heart soft or anything like
that like it's not branded as soft um
but the quality is pretty good and if
you haven't tried it before it's really
nice it's not that expensive so I would
recommend it but yeah it's a merry Maxim
starlet and in the red I actually got
one two three four five six kings of red
so there will be red christmas stockings
flitting around this season but wait
there's more um of course I couldn't
just stick with one color I had to go
and play with a bunch more so i got this
variation I figure out what this color
is called now what are you medium old
rose so I got read those so that'll make
two stockings and that one then I also
wanted to get dark green and this is
called dark willow which is not showing
up the right color at all the course why
would it it looks like a dark grey on
the camera but it's a really dork writes
like a forest green I thought that would
be nice for like the men of the family
as well as true what are you medium
willow which is kind of matches my walls
back there lighter version of that green
and finally I got this yellow color
which is n
in pale gold so yeah I don't know I'm
really excited to start these actually
oh and I also got um knitting nails to
make them because the first thing I
needed was more dating needles um if you
haven't ordered knitting needles to wear
a maxim you should I really like their
aluminum their aluminum any needles and
I'm using a set right now for that baby
blanket that I mentioned and I love them
they're so slippery and they just I
don't know they make the nice little
knitting sounds when you're knitting
with them I don't know I just they're
really good quality these are really
long I haven't you slept the pattern yet
so I'm not really sure how they're knit
on these i'm sure that i'll start the
pattern and start crying after like five
minutes but yeah so i just got these
because i didn't really know what the
pattern would call for so I just got the
recommended ones and they're not that
expensive but all the needles that i
purchased for Mary Maxim have been good
I sound like a merry Maxim catalog right
now so I'm gonna stop and so yeah wish
me luck with everyone's Christmas
presents along the same lines of
Christmas if you haven't picked them up
yet the latest crochet today and
knitting today are out I subscribed in
both so I get them but there are some
really cute patterns in both um look at
the puppy sweater I think I'm gonna make
one for my parents dog because i keep
saying every year i'm gonna do it and
just like everything else in my life is
a i'm going to do I never get around to
doing so I think I'm gonna do it because
he would look cute the knitting today I
don't know how I feel about knitting
today they have some cute patterns most
of the time I don't know we'll see but
yeah so that's not my Christmas project
roundup I was hoping to get a start on
everything next week but I'll think
that's going to happen because I got
another order for baby hats which is
awesome actually it's not an order it's
a trade I'm treating her knit munchkin
hats for a crochet pattern and photos of
babies wearing my hat so I'm a sucker
for good photos of people wearing the
stuff that I make so of course I'm going
to do it um so yeah I still have some
projects to finish you'll see that on
monday during my fresh off the hook
flash needles and yeah that's about it
so let me know what you guys are working
on for Christmas because I don't want to
feel alone in my stress and misery so
yeah you make a video or comment below
letting me know a link to the pattern of
Mary Maxim as long as it's still in
stock they'll have it up so if you're
interested in making some Christmas
stockings obviously you don't have to be
insane like me and mate 12 to five
hundred in three months but feel free to
try and have a great friday everyone I'm
looking forward to it and you probably
are too so i will see you on monday have
a great night bye